whopper was actually introduced in 1957
after which
has become the so-called signature
product of burger king
we are using 100 pure australia beef
and all our suppliers are haccp
certified
[Music]
first we inspect the bun and then we
will separate the bun into halves
the top half is called the crown the
bottom half is known as the heel
and we drop it into the toaster and once
you get toasted
you place your heel on the target the
crown
on the top portion of the wrapper take
one patty and place it on the heel
apply 21 grams of mayonnaise
the 21 grams of mayonnaise is the
correct amount of coverage that's
required in a crumb
the same amount of lettuce which is 21
grams
and take two slices of tomato
and place it side by side okay now we go
to the heel
we take four slices of pickles place
them side by side
on the meat patty three rounds of
ketchup which is about 14 grams
from outside to inside of the patty
and the same amount of onions which is
about 14 grams which is
about four rings evenly placed so that
every bite the customer tastes all the
ingredients
turn over the crown and
you wrap it up
and then we'll now weigh the whopper to
see
if it's within the range to anyone when
a customer comes to the counter the
order
to place their orders and when when the
crew punch the orders into the pos
system
it will appear on our kitchen display
and within 30 seconds
the weapon needs to be so-called
completed so that the customer
at the counter will not have to wait for
too long
[Music]
you